docs(graphql-alt): Owned coin pagination (#23566)
MystenLabs/sui: docs/content/guides/developer/getting-started/graphql-rpc.mdx

### Unpruned point lookups

> Point look-ups (acessing an object by its ID and version, a transaction by its digest, a checkpoint by its sequence number etc) are generally unpruned, if GraphQL has access to an Archival Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Point look-ups (accessing an object by its ID and version, a transaction by its digest, a checkpoint by its sequence number, and so on) are generally unpruned, if GraphQL has access to an Archival Service.
```
